In this lecture we will recap what we have learned in this section of the course in this section.
We learned how we can use CSSA to stylize and animate our button first.
We learned how to use CSSA selectors to specify the behavior of our button in certain states.
The hover selector specifies what will happen when the user hovers over the button with their mouse.
The active selector specifies what happens when the user clicks the button.
After that we learned about some more properties that we can use to stylize our buttons to border radious
property allows us to round out the corners of our button.
The larger the value of the border radius property the rounder the button will be.
The box Shatto property allows us to add a shadow behind button to add a custom image to our button.
We can assign a button a background image using the background image property or add in an image element
between our opening and closing button tags.
We can swap the buttons background image on click by using the active selector and using the background
image property.
Finally we learned how to animate our buttons using CSSA we created a button pulse animation for the
buttons idle state to do this.
We animated the transformed properties scale.
Then we looked at how to create a button pressed animation.
We did this using the box Shatto property and also by modifying the transform property translating it
in the y direction to simulate the downward movement of the button click in the next section.
We will learn about CSSA pseudo classes and selectors and the role that they play in stabilising elements
using SS.